Lake Loader maintenance instructions for customers (#1148)
snowplow/documentation: docs/api-reference/loaders-storage-targets/lake-loader/maintenance/_delta.md

The [Delta documentation](https://docs.delta.io/latest/best-practices.html#-delta-compact-files) makes recommendations for running regular maintenance jobs to get the best performance from your lake.
This guide expands on those recommendations specifically for your Snowplow events lake.

> The Snowplow Lake Loader does not automatically run the maintenance tasks described below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Snowplow Lake Loader **does not** automatically run the maintenance tasks described below.
```

## Compact data files

> We recommend that you schedule a compaction job run once per day.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend that you schedule a compaction job to run once per day.
```

Your daily compaction job should operate on files that were loaded in the previous calendar day, i.e. the last completed timestamp partition.  For example, if you run the job via SQL, then use a `WHERE` clause on `load_tstamp_date < current_date()`:

```sql
OPTIMIZE <your_table> WHERE load_tstamp_date < current_date()
```
Data compaction has two benefits for Snowplow data:

> 1. Queries are more efficient when the underlying parquet files are large.  After you compact your files, you will benefit from this whenever you run queries over your historic data; i.e. not just the most recently loaded events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Queries are more efficient when the underlying parquet files are large.  After you compact your files, you will benefit from this whenever you run queries over your historic data, i.e. not just the most recently loaded events.
```

> 2. When there are fewer data files, then the size of the table's delta log files are also smaller.  This reduces the overhead of creating a new delta log file, and so it improves the performance of the Lake Loader when committing new events into the lake.  This becomes especially important as your lake grows in size over time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. When there are fewer data files, the size of the table's delta log files is smaller.  This reduces the overhead of creating a new delta log file, and thus improves the performance of the Lake Loader when committing new events into the lake.  This becomes especially important as your lake grows in size over time.
```

## Vacuum data files

We recommend that you schedule a Vacuum job to run once per week.

A vacuum is needed to clean up unreferenced data files that were logically deleted by the daily compaction jobs.

```sql
VACUUM <your_table>;
```

Unreferenced data files do not negatively impact query performance or write performance.  But they do contribute to storage costs.

> Vacuum jobs need to list every file in the lake directory, and on large lakes that might be a very large number of files.  This is why we recommend to run it on an infrequent schedule.

Reviewer: I feel there is something missing between these two sentences. Why does a large number of files to delete imply infrequent schedule? Is it because the job will take longer than a day to run so it will not be possible to run it daily? Or is it that the run time is small, but the job has a performance impact which is diluted by running it rarely?

Author: Listing files is slow.  Not longer than a whole day, but still slow.  I cannot quantify that because it depends on the volume of data.

Mainly, I just think it's bad practice to regularly list all files in a lake.

So what I'm trying to say is.... it is expensive(ish) so don't do it often.  And it also doesn't bring much benefit, so there's no real need to do it more often.
